### In the past, the purpose of shopping is only to buy things you need. Now it is also a form of entertainment. Fo you think this is a positive or negative development? what’s your opinion?

Shopping play as a significant role in our daily life. It has gained popularity among many individuals. However, some of them do shopping as form of an entertainment. As far as I can think, this trend has brought many advantages than disadvantages.

First of all, nowadays, the society move fast, exchange things too quickly. The individuals have gone skittish. nevertheless, each individual has a different entertainment way to relax. Shopping is no exception to this. Take me as an example, I also like to go shopping, particularly in weekend in summer season as an entertainment. Doing so, I feel very relaxed and fresh in my mind.

In addition, shopping is not only the case of buying something such as clothes, bags or even accessories. It also means amusement in which people visit some shopping places to gather with family or friends. They just tend to spend their time in the lovely places with providing a lot of entertainments, thus they can enjoy their leisure time with fun.

-----



-----


However, many people on the other side of the fence, also believe that shopping as an entertainment has resulted in troublesome financial situation. As people tend to buy goods not necessarily for day-to-day life, it has abetted to destroy the financial strength of the family. Therefore, it is aiding an individual to waste money in buying worthless items. For example, one of my friends visit JBHI-FI every two month to upgrade his camera and thus downgraded his average wealth status.

In conclusion, I think the shopping as an entertainment has brought enormous positive influence, but it still has the dark side to addict people to do so. However, shopping is a great approach which can help people overcome their stress or even anxiety.




2.

In many developed nations, consumerism is not only about buying the everyday things we need to survive but is also seen as a form of entertainment. This essay will argue that this is a very negative development because of the detrimental effect marketing and advertising has on people and the fact that it is a very unproductive hobby.

The main reason people buy luxury items is because of the influence multinationals’ marketing campaigns have on them. We are constantly bombarded with messages telling us that if we buy a certain product we will be happier, more beautiful or more complete. In many ways, these companies trick us into buying their products, when all we need to be happy are much simpler items. For example, fashion chains like Chanel and Prada tell people that they are only good enough if they wear nice clothes and use glamorous models to make people feel unsatisfied with their appearance.

Shopping for goods you don’t really need is also not the most productive thing you can do with your time. Not only is it a huge waste of money; it does nothing to develop a person either physically or intellectually. If we compare this activity with other popular pastimes like sport, reading or even watching movies, we can see how unfulfilling shopping really is. For instance, most of my friends who spend their weekends shopping have nothing else to talk about, other than their purchases, whereas my friends who use their time more wisely are often much more interesting to talk to.

In conclusion, people should only shop for the necessities and not for pleasure because they are being manipulated by transnational companies and there are also much more constructive ways for people to spend their free time.







Keywords:
- amusement n. 消遣，娱乐；乐趣
- skittish adj. （人或动物）不安的，易受惊的；难驾驭的  adj. （人）轻佻的，善变的
- nevertheless adv. 然而，不过；虽然如此
- accessories n. 附件（accessory的复数形式）；辅助程序
- tedium (n. 沉闷；单调乏味；厌烦) and hectic (adj. 兴奋的，狂热的；脸上发红；肺病的；忙碌的) life
- accelerate  ac-celer-ate  vt. 使……加快；使……增速
- escalate escal-ate vt. 使逐步上升
- fence
- strength n. 力量；力气；兵力；长处
- aiding v. 帮助；援助；有助于（aid的ing形式）
- downgrade
- enormous
- addict n. 有瘾的人；入迷的人 vt. 使沉溺；使上瘾
