### Some people believe that the most effective way to tackle industrial pollution is to tax factories generating it. Others say there are alternatives to handle it. Discuss both sides and provide your opinion.

Pollution in almost all parts of the world has become a menace to humans and various solutions have been proposed overcome it.
While some people suggest taxing the corporates since they generate pollution while producing goods, others think that measures such as public awareness and regulation are more effective. I agree with the latter view.

Imposing heavy taxes on companies is an efficient way to reduce as well as control air, water and ground pollution. Government can use these taxes to create a fund that helps implement pollution control measures such as effluent treatment plants. Moreover, taxes will increase the price of goods in the market which will reduce the consumption and pollution. For example, the government of Singapore has imposed heavy taxes on all manufacturing facilities and used these funds to clean rivers, install machines to absorb harmful gases in Singapore’s air. Thus a heavy tax on companies has played an important role in making Singapore a clean place to live.

On the other hand, some people suggest that taxes are not an effective way to reduce pollution and public awareness are more important. Strong oversight of environmentally harmful manufacturing industries such as paper and plastic by regulators will be an effective step in controlling pollution. Moreover, if people are aware of environmental impacts of products such as degradable products, they will purchase products that are less polluting.

In conclusion, I believe that heavy tax on companies is not an effective way to reduce pollution since it would cause to increase in prices of goods which eventually harm the consumers. Government should strictly regulate the pollution industries and make public aware of pollution emitted by any product. This will not only make people more aware of the duty for the environment protection, but also make Earth to be a nice place to live.

Keywords:
- menace
- various solutions
- corporates
- awareness
- regulation n. 管理；规则；校准 adj. 规定的；平常的
- impose vt. 强加；征税；以…欺骗 vi. 利用；欺骗；施加影响
- effluent treatment plants
- consumption
- manufacturing facilities
- absorb vt. 吸收；吸引；承受；理解；使…全神贯注
- oversight n. 监督，照管；疏忽
- environmentally harmful manufacturing industries
- degradable products
- infective way
- regulate
- regulation
- emitted
- emit



### Nowadays, we are producing more and more rubbish. Why do you think this is happening? Why should we do to help reduce the amount of rubbish produced?

- Starting
It is undeniable that waste production will automatically increasing by the growth of the world population, and the waste management has become one of the pressing issue all over the world.

The modern society is generating an increasing amount of waste and the waste management has become one of the pressing issues all over the world.

With the inevitable rise in population and industries, this problem will be further aggravated.

if personal:
- We need enhance our environment awareness and reduce rubbish from ourselves.

if government:
- The government can help decrease waste production by educating the public and by promoting recycing.


- why more? -人口增长，需求增加，造成更多的垃圾
case 1:

The global population has reached a staggering seven billion recently. The waste is a by-product of this phenomenon. This number is expected to balloon to nine billion by 2050 if the current trend goes on. The amount of trash produced is likewise expected to rise. Manufacturing industries also contribute to the total of accumulated waste. While market demands go higher, the number of factories build also increases to satisfy this demands

or Case 2:

To begin with, the rapid growth of garbage is directly linked to the overwhelming number of population.
To elucidate, as the number of people grows the number of products they consume also rises. These, in turn, inflates the waste further. Moreover, Manufacturing industries also contribute to the total of accumulated waste. While market demands go higher, the number of factories build also increases to satisfy this demands.

- Why should we help?
- How could help?

- If government could help:

The government could raise this awareness in the general public through advertisement, newspapers and radio. So people could be aware of its harmful affect toward our environment.
Additionally, to control the industrial waste, the government can increase the tax on them, and government can use these taxes to create a fund that helps implement pollution control measures such as effluent treatment plants. For example, the government of Singapore has imposed heavy taxes on all manufacturing facilities and used these funds to clean rivers, install machines to absorb harmful gases in Singapore’s air. Thus a heavy tax on companies has played an important role in making Singapore a clean place to live.

- if personal could help: Why?

As a citizen, living in the city, we understand that we will ultimately face the problem if the garbage is not properly take care of. And we could take up good habits which could prove useful in dealing with the rubbish problems. For instance, we could seperate all garbage into different bins. It is essential for enabling the recovery of useful materials, minimising the amount of material sent to landfill and allowing recyclable materials to find a new incarnation. As a consequence, the good behaviour of us could lead to a clean, waste-less environment to everyone.

or:

  We can always bring along recycle bags which us so that we can cut down the usage of the plastic bags.


- In conclusion:

In conclusion, I would like to say that the rubbish problems should be addressed on large scale. Everyone have to contribute in order to mitigate the harmful effects on the world.
Even a little effort by an individual can make a huge difference.


### More: government could do more than individuals

It is certainly true that the environmental problems cannot be solved without the help of governments. To begin, governments have more power than individuals in coping the environmental problems. For instance, set up laws that ban the emission of wastes from factory directly into the air and water courses. As a consequence, less air pollution and water pollution guarantee the good health of citizens. By doing this, citizens will be healthier and they can now live in a pollution-free country.

In conclusion, both government and individuals must pay more attention on reducing rubbish.
Rubbish is a big treat for our ecosystem. It cause a lot of problem such as increasing diseases, pollution, so we must collaborate with governments to solve this problem.

## Recycle:

Citizens should understand that they will ultimately face the problems if the garbage is not properly taken care of. They should take some responsibility to keep their living place and neighbourhood clean. In some cases, they should take the wastage to the waste disposal centre for recycling. Again, recycling and reusing products could be an effective way to tackle this issue. The country like Japan has been very successful in recycling and reusing the products and that had helped them to reduce the problem they had with the excessive wastage their citizens produce.  Recyclable products should be promoted so that rubbish creation can be minimised. Special concessions have to be given in supermarkets to promote customers to bring their own environment-friendly bags instead of polythene ones. This can be achieved by promoting the awareness sessions in the social media websites like Facebook and government advertisements in televisions. Usage of recyclable ensures that waste can be minimised.

Keywords:
- inevitable adj. 必然的，不可避免的

- accumulate vi. 累积；积聚
- accumulated adj. 累积的；累计的；达到 v. 累积
- compulsive adj. 强制的；强迫的
- likewise adv. 同样地；也

- overwhelming adj. 压倒性的；势不可挡的
- elucidate vt. 阐明；说明
- aggravated vt. 加重；使恶化；激怒

- mitigate vt. 使缓和，使减轻
- vulnerable adj. 易受攻击的，易受…的攻击；易受伤害的；有弱点的

- landfill n. 垃圾填埋地；垃圾堆
- incarnation n. 化身；道成肉身；典型

Reference:
- https://www.ielts-mentor.com/writing-sample/writing-task-2/265-ielts-writing-task-2-sample-39-nowadays-we-are-producing-more-and-more-rubbish
- https://www.ielts-mentor.com/writing-sample/writing-task-2/1733-ielts-writing-task-2-sample-673-environmental-problems-are-too-big-for-individuals-to-be-solved

- https://waste-management-world.com/a/waste-sorting-a-look-at-the-separation-and-sorting-techniques-in-todayrsquos-european-market

- http://www.environment.gov.sk.ca/reducingwaste

- https://www.ielts-mentor.com/writing-sample/writing-task-2/1192-ielts-writing-task-2-sample-273-waste-disposal-problems-are-increasing-specially-in-urban-areas

- http://ielts-simon.com/ielts-help-and-english-pr/2017/11/ielts-writing-task-2-recycling-essay.html

- https://www.ielts-mentor.com/writing-sample/writing-task-2/1192-ielts-writing-task-2-sample-273-waste-disposal-problems-are-increasing-specially-in-urban-areas



- https://www.ielts-mentor.com/writing-sample/writing-task-2/2350-ielts-writing-task-2-sample-1082-environmental-problems-affect-all-the-people-in-the-world
